Manager Xia, please call your boss out.
you
You are really good at pretending.
Beautiful lady, don't be fooled by this guy.
Look at him.
Oh, don't even mention that he can afford a central villa.
I doubt
He couldn't even afford a toilet in the central villa
Ha ha ha ha
Just because you can't afford it doesn't mean I can't afford it
Stop comparing you to me.
Lei Feng, you must know that if you can't finish today
The entire real estate industry will blacklist you.
Are you sure I want to call the boss out?
Of course
It's almost the end of the month.
To my old classmates.
Xia Da, the school beauty, is going to work hard on her performance
You are serious
Why are you still standing there?
Don't hurry up.
Our Brother Feng
I'm trying to help you improve your performance but you don't know how to cherish it, hahaha
Brother Feng, you wouldn't really ask him to do that, would you?
Why do you have an opinion?
I
Don't dare
Hey Mr. Lin
Hello Hello
Are you sure you want to buy the Zodiac Villa?
He's sure of the hammer
He's a jobless vagrant.
I came here to show off.
Mr. Li, do you know the consequences of causing trouble here?
He is the one causing trouble, right?
In order to be a licker for goddess Xia Caiwei
They repeatedly stopped me from buying a villa.
Who are you calling a licker, you little bastard?
You are the dog licker
Your whole family is a licker
You are right
I am a dog licker
As long as I lick enough
I am Wolf Warrior
You Mr. Lin
If you can't afford it, please leave now.
Otherwise I'll call security.
Who says I can't afford it?
I want that one.
Are you talking about this Qinglong Villa?
Not the entire 12 zodiac villa